ARTIFACT-EVALUATION.md, before:

# Artifact Appendix

Paper title: More and Scammier Ads: The Perils of YouTube’s Ad Privacy Settings

Artifacts HotCRP Id: #35

Requested Badge: **Available**

## Description
This artifact contains the following:
1. The labeled ad dataset
2. The codebook and a description of the labeling methodology

### Security/Privacy Issues and Ethical Concerns
We believe this dataset poses minimal privacy risks, as it was collected using sockpuppet accounts without involving any real user data. The pre-roll ads in the dataset are publicly served content on YouTube.

## Basic Requirements 
This artifact requires use of any digital device capable of reading csv files. 

### Hardware Requirements
No hardware requirements.

### Software Requirements
No software requirements.

### Estimated Time and Storage Consumption
This artifact does not reproduce the analysis in its entirety. 

## Environment 
Please see the subdirectory README files for details on setup.

### Accessibility
The artifacts can be accessed at this [link](https://github.com/CybersecurityForDemocracy/youtube-ad-settings).

Commit message:

add file size in readmes

ARTIFACT-EVALUATION.md, after:

# Artifact Appendix

Paper title: More and Scammier Ads: The Perils of YouTube’s Ad Privacy Settings

Artifacts HotCRP Id: #35

Requested Badge: **Available**

## Description
This artifact contains the following:
1. The labeled ad dataset as a CSV file (30,237 rows, 4.23MB)
2. The codebook and a description of the labeling methodology

### Security/Privacy Issues and Ethical Concerns
We believe this dataset poses minimal privacy risks, as it was collected using sockpuppet accounts without involving any real user data. The pre-roll ads in the dataset are publicly served content on YouTube.

## Basic Requirements 
This artifact requires use of any digital device capable of reading csv files. 

### Hardware Requirements
No hardware requirements.

### Software Requirements
No software requirements.

### Estimated Time and Storage Consumption
This artifact does not reproduce the analysis in its entirety. 

## Environment 
No environment setup needed.

### Accessibility
The artifacts can be accessed at this [link](https://github.com/CybersecurityForDemocracy/youtube-ad-settings).
